Remove ide (#524)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/smart-contract/deploy-guide.md

There are various ways of deploying a smart contract on Klaytn. This document provides a step-by-step guide to deploy a sample contract using various tools. We assume that you have a Klaytn account with enough KLAY to pay the transaction fee. To create an account, please visit [Klaytn Wallet](../toolkit/klaytn-wallet.md).

## Remix Online IDE <a id="remix-ide"></a>

> Open your internet browser and go to [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/).

Reviewer: same comments https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/524/files#r1058017456

> Open your internet browser and go to [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/).

Author: ```suggestion
Open your internet browser and go to [Klaytn Plugin for Remix](https://ide.klaytn.foundation).
```
